c:\users\martin.georgiev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Application Project\Application Server\bin\Application Server.dll.config
c:\users\martin.georgiev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Application Project\Application Server\bin\Application Server.dll
c:\users\martin.georgiev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Application Project\Application Server\bin\Application Server.pdb
c:\users\martin.georgiev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Application Project\Application Server\bin\Application Database Provider.exe
c:\users\martin.georgiev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Application Project\Application Server\bin\Application Objects.dll
c:\users\martin.georgiev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Application Project\Application Server\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\martin.georgiev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Application Project\Application Server\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\martin.georgiev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Application Project\Application Server\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\martin.georgiev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Application Project\Application Server\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:\users\martin.georgiev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Application Project\Application Server\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\martin.georgiev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Application Project\Application Server\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\martin.georgiev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Application Project\Application Server\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\martin.georgiev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Application Project\Application Server\bin\Application Database Provider.pdb
c:\users\martin.georgiev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Application Project\Application Server\bin\Application Objects.pdb
c:\users\martin.georgiev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Application Project\Application Server\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\martin.georgiev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Application Project\Application Server\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\martin.georgiev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Application Project\Application Server\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
c:\users\martin.georgiev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Application Project\Application Server\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\martin.georgiev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Application Project\Application Server\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\martin.georgiev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Application Project\Application Server\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\martin.georgiev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Application Project\Application Server\obj\Debug\Application Server.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\martin.georgiev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Application Project\Application Server\obj\Debug\Application Server.dll
c:\users\martin.georgiev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Application Project\Application Server\obj\Debug\Application Server.pdb
